[Fire bullet] Add a help page with some "how to" (#26)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/extensions/fire-bullet/details.md

---
title: Details
---
# Fire bullet

> This extension allows objects to fire bullets with a cooldown between shots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension can be used to fire projectiles from an object.  It provides advanced functionality including:

- Cooldown between shots
- Ammo management
- Reloading
- Overheating
- Multi-fire bullet patterns
```
